 ## README.md

### Overview

This code snippet is a simple HTML form that allows users to filter a list of items by city. The form consists of a text input field where users can enter the name of a city, and a button that triggers the filtering process.

### Implementation

The HTML code for the form is as follows:

```html
<section>
    <form>
        <input type="text" placeholder="Filtrar por ciudad">
        <button class="primary" type="button">Buscar</button>
    </form>
</section>
```

The `<section>` element is used to group the form elements together. The `<form>` element is the container for the form controls, and it has a `method` attribute set to "GET", which means that the form data will be sent to the server using the HTTP GET method.

The `<input>` element is used to create the text input field. The `type` attribute is set to "text", which indicates that the input field will accept a single line of text. The `placeholder` attribute is used to provide a hint to the user about what kind of information should be entered into the field.

The `<button>` element is used to create the submit button. The `type` attribute is set to "button", which indicates that the button will not submit the form data to the server. Instead, it will trigger a JavaScript function that will perform the filtering operation.

### Functionality

When the user enters a city name into the text input field and clicks the "Buscar" button, the following steps will occur:

1. The JavaScript function that is triggered by the button click will be executed.
2. The function will retrieve the value of the text input field.
3. The function will use the value of the text input field to filter the list of items.
4. The filtered list of items will be displayed to the user.

### Conclusion

This simple HTML form provides a basic filtering functionality that can be used to filter a list of items by city. The form is easy to implement and can be customized to meet the specific needs of a particular application.

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)